# My stack
First of all, if you want to check my config files, you can go in
[here](https://github.com/RyanQueirozS/dotfiles). Secondly, I take **no
responsability** for the links I'm placing bellow, if any one of them gets
**replaced** by another thing or get **unsecure** after I'm done writing this
article, note that **you decided to click on them**.

--- 

## Distro

I've used Arch(btw), Mint, Ubuntu and now I'm on Debian. You could say I'm a
distro hopper, but honestly I've never felt 100% content with any linux distro
thus far. Arch is scary, expecially without backups. Mint and Ubuntu have a
huge boilerplate problem. Debian is the combination between both of them (it
definetly isn't) in the sense that it doesn't have a big boillerpate problem,
but also isn't that scary. If for some reason I need to switch distros, I might
try NixOS

## Neovim

I mostly use Neovim as my code editor, nothing feels better than it, but if I
do find a better alternative I won't think twice about changing it.

There are some stuff that I dislike about Nvim, most of them are in regards to
the plugins themselves. Some of them like
[treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter) that are huge
and highly maintained are awesome. But that isn't the case for every plugin.
I've had a few of them that saddly either got discontinued or stoped supporting
what I entended to use them for. Besides, I've always being able to find a
replacer for said plugin

## i3

My window-manager is i3 and has been through some time. I don't plan to change
it in the near future. [hyprland](https://hyprland.org/) seems to quirky to me,
but [wayland](https://wayland.freedesktop.org/) probably is
the future.

## Kitty, Tmux

Just a simple terminal emulator and multiplexer, don't see any reason to switch
from them, expecially after I've gotten accustomed with them.
